c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\obj\x86\Debug\BomberManTeste.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\bomba.png
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\capture.png
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\danger.png
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\fire.png
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\wall.png
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\BomberManTeste.exe
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\BomberManTeste.pdb
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\obj\x86\Debug\BomberManTeste.exe
c:\users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\obj\x86\Debug\BomberManTeste.pdb
C:\Users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\caixa.png
C:\Users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\level3.sok
C:\Users\vitor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\level1.sok
C:\Users\vitor\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\simoes.xnb
C:\Users\vitor\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\character3.png
C:\Users\vitor\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\stars2.png
C:\Users\vitor\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BomberManTeste\BomberManTeste\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\character4.png
